Angat Watershed Forest Reserve
	The Angat Watershed Forest Reserve is a conservation area that protects the drainage basin in the southern Sierra Madre range north of Metro Manila in the Philippines where surface water empties into the Angat River and its tributaries. It is spread over an area of 62,309 hectares (153,970 acres) in the eastern portion of Bulacan and northern Rizal province at an altitude of between 490 and 1,206 metres (1,608 and 3,957 ft).[1][2] The conservation area also extends to the provinces of Nueva Ecija and Quezon and is centered on an artificial lake created by the Angat Dam which, together with the Ipo Dam located 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) downstream, supply 97% of the water requirement of Metro Manila via an aqueduct system to the La Mesa Dam and Reservoir and the Balara Filtration Plant in Quezon City.[3] The Angat Dam and Reservoir is also a major source of hydroelectricity for Metro Manila and surrounding provinces, contributing some 200 megawatts to the Luzon grid.[4] The watershed is a popular birdwatching site and is a biodiversity hotspot containing most of the remaining closed-canopy forests in Central Luzon.[2]
Mount Balagbag

Kaytitinga Falls
	Kaytitinga Falls is an esteemed attraction of the city which can be found in the elevated barangay of San Isidro. Kaytitinga falls consists of a three-level falls. Barangay San Isidro is located at the easternmost part of the city. It is a one-hour drive away from the municipal hall of the city. The forest wherein the kaytitinga falls is located is very vast and spacious and the beauty of the nature has been preserved. The forest is rich in biodiversity like different kinds of trees, plants and brooks. The way to Kaytitinga Falls is not well-developed that leads to non-accessibility of the trail. Some indigenous people, the Dumagats, live in the place, a sign that the culture there is still preserved and they act as the protectors of their own natural habitat.

VS Orchidarium Farm (Santo Cristo)
	Hundreds of orchids species can be found on this 5 hectares flora haven, located at Barangay Sto. Cristo.
Pineapple Farm
	The sweetest pineapple in the land located at Barangay Tungkong Mangga.

Grotto Vista Resort
	Grotto Vista, Bulacan's premier resort sporting an urban look with breath of country air, making guest feel the comfort of a home away from home. Brgy. Graceville, San Jose del Monte City, Bulacan

San Lorenzo Ruiz de Manila Parish Church
Our Lady of Lourdes Grotto Shrine
St. Joseph the Worker Parish Church
Parokya ni San Pedro Apostol Church
San Isidro Labrador Parish Church
Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish Church
Madre Alessandra House of Prayer
Sagrada Familia Parish Church
Santo Rosario Sapang Palay Parish Church
(Walang description yung church)